Improve docs for custom JRE path (#5)
AlexandrosAlexiou/kotlin.nvim: README.md

                "mvnw",
                "settings.gradle",
            },
            -- Optional: Specify a custom Java path to run the server.
            -- It must contain /bin/java

>            -- Optional: Specify a custom Java path to run the server, JDK21 is an env var pointing to the JAVA_HOME of JDK version 21 installed in the system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           -- Optional: Custom Java path to run the server (must contain /bin/java)
           -- Example: Set JDK21 environment variable to your Java 21 installation's JAVA_HOME
```
